---
layout: post
author: J
---

### Breast Stroke

Concentrate on kick practice without counting the stroke times every 25
meters. Feel much natural body posture and kicking/sweeping rhythm today.

### Basketball

China VS South Korea, good luck Chinese team!

### Hongkong

Most of us, Chinese living in mainland China, are working to build our home a
better country and a better living place. The reason is simple, we have wasted
hundreds of years and need to catch up with the rest of the world.

So, as I have seen in Beijing, the majority really treated the Hongkong rally
as an entertainment show. Some people like me feel a bit shame that the kids
should have been spent their time to study and work hard to build a better
Hongkong.

Besides I read some media's article and comments who support the rally, and
feel they are mostly entertainment as well. A typical slogan sounds like "come
on Hongkong, you can make it". This is highly entertaining because the
commenter/media probably does not know what "it" is in their slogan. But what
they might know, is the rally is for the ideology they appreciated, the
culture they recognized and the idea that they supported.

I am starting to imagine, say, if a large group of people in another country
raises a boisterious rally to ask for a revolution, turning the idea behind
their government from so-called "capitalism" to a so-called "socialism". I
will also highly support loudly. Neither because did I have a deep thought
about it, nor did I really think it is good for the country's people. The only
reason is the idea is that closer to ours. Since I have not responsibility on
that, and I would not savor the consequence either - then I would not give a
f**k to talk as long as I am happy.

And, whenever everything is f**ked up, we can blame the government. That seems
a good tradition since when...?

Finally, how come the city's infrastructure has something to do with the
ideology conflict. Why do they break those stuff. Oh, being a brainless and
crappy youth would probably be the answer.

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
