---
layout: post
author: J
---

### Breast Stroke

Concentrate on kick practice without counting the stroke times every 25
meters. Feel much natural body posture and kicking/sweeping rhythm today.

### Basketball

China VS South Korea, good luck Chinese team!

### Hongkong

Most of us, Chinese living in mainland China, are working diligently to build
our country a better home place. The reason is, as simple as, we have wasted
hundreds of years and need to catch up with the rest of the world.

As far as I have observed the atmosphere in Beijing, people mostly treated the
Hongkong rally as an entertainment show. And some people, like me, feel a bit
shame that the kids should have been spent their time to study and work hard
to build a better Hongkong. Instead they are unfortunately incited.

Besides I read some media article and comments who support the rally, and feel
they are mostly entertainment as well. A typical slogan sounds like "come on
Hongkong, you can make it". This is highly entertaining because the commenter
probably does not know what "it" is in their slogan. But what they might know,
is the rally is for the ideology they appreciated, the culture they recognized
and the idea that they supported.

I am starting to imagine, say, if a large group of people in a capticalism
*country C* raises a boisterous rally to ask for a revolution, turning the
idea behind their government from so-called "capitalism" to a so-called
"socialism". A socialist from *country S* will also highly support
loudly. Neither would he have a deep thought about it, nor would he really
think it is good for the *country C's* people. The only reason is the idea is
more closer to his. Since he has not responsibility on that, and he would not
savor the consequence either, thus he would not give a fk as long as he is
able to rant and be physiologically happy. And, whenever everything is fked
up, they can blame governments. That seems a good tradition since when?

I would admit nowadays this seems the nature of how majority think and act on
Internet.

Finally, back to Hongkong kids, how come the city's infrastructure has
something to do with the ideology conflict. Why do they break those stuff. Oh,
being a proudly brainless, crappy and angry youth would probably be the answer.

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
