---
layout: post
author: J
---

### English

Learnt a couple of good words and phrases from Glen (American, IELTS examiner,
spends an hour on improving our English). When talking about religions, 3
basic levels of believing the super existence were mentioned:

* believer -> agnostic -> atheistic (godless)

*atheistic* is a new word to me, so type it two times :-)

What I have known about *agnostic* is the word also widely used in technology
essays. When we talk about something is done in a "technology-agnostic" way,
it means something can be done using any technologies instead of being limited
to a specific technology. Namely, the "A-agnostic" roughly means
"irrelevant to A", "independant of A", "A-neutral" etc.

* *coed*, co-educational, particularly used for schools accepted both boys and
   girls

* *play hookey* or *play hooky* (Glen tried to tell a joke: it is not playing hooker.
  Well, everyone was then on a poker face :))

### Flatpak

Played a bit flatpak with latest gnome-software/flatpak/PackageKit/Firefox
combination on my aged Tumbleweed (not updated for 2 weeks). Generally the
experience is fine when I added the flathub.org repo and install some apps
purely via Firefox. But I experienced a strange behavior in a
[specific situation](https://bugzilla.suse.com/show_bug.cgi?id=1150488).

Didn't figure out why after a glance of the journal and gnome-software stdout.
Whether it is system/network *agnostic* is still pending to further analyze.

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
