---
layout: post
author: J
---

Worked for a couple of hours from home. After that, lunch was
taken alone in Hopson One - Donburi(大碗丼). 丼, a single
Japanese character word, means bowl of rices with food on
top. Chinese has a compound word to describe it: 盖饭. So the
translation is 大碗盖饭. After hearing about the restaurant from
Yang a couple of weeks ago, this was the 3rd time I went there
(but first time alone). Still I was fascinated by the taste!

In the afternoon, learnt from Frederic that yesterday was his
son's first day to the school. The kid cried loudly in the
morning when he left mom and dad, but was very happy after the
first day to school! Cute, and how time flies! :-)

As for the breastroke swimming, optimized breathing for a couple
of days, I got a chance to correct a bit my kick in early
evening. When my feet turn out, my habit was not to mind the
position of my ankles, toes and feet. This will less the power of
a push from kick. The trick is to keep the toes outward to each
side, which will naturally make feet a "V". The following is a
picuture from a wonderful
[tutorial](https://www.swimoutlet.com/guides/how-to-kick-breaststroke):

![Picture from swimoutlet](../../../assets/img/breakstroke-kick.jpg)

In the late evening, the Chinese basketball team lost to
Venuezula by the score of 59:72. I am not quite familiar with
basketball, but a national team scored only 59 in a whole game
sounds abnormal. Then I had a quick review of the scores in all
of the completed matches at
http://www.fiba.basketball/basketballworldcup/2019/games . Not
surprisingly only 4 out of the 40 games had a team which scored
less than 60. What a bummer!

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
