---
layout: post
author: J
---

### Work

gnome-initial-setup security deep review. Very [insightful analysis](https://gitlab.gnome.org/GNOME/gnome-initial-setup/issues/76) from SUSE security colleagues!

### English

Had some intresting catch-up talks with T, one of my English teachers. I
introduced the football match to him and he was once a goal keeper. It seems
British calls *playing as a goal keeper* as short as *playing goal*. He shared
what he saw about the parade rehersal near the SKP during the mid-autumn
days. And I realized why my way ahead home was blocked when I was back from
cinema in that day.

Had a content English class then in the afternoon with teach G:

* The question *do you see a glass half full or half empty?* figuratively means the attitude is optimistic or pessimistic
* Some negative expressions about a "false optimistic"
  * he sees the world through rose-coloured glasses
  * he lives in a dream
  * it's just pie in the sky
  * quote: *They are highly skeptical of Washington's promise that they will 'eat pie in the sky' solely from war orders, which they decry publicly.*
* when describing a people forever optimistic, use the adjective "eternal": *an eternal optimist*
* *hold true* is easily misused. It does not solidly mean something is
   positive, realistic or logically correct. Instead, it means what happend in
   the past still exists nowadays.
   * e.g. I was a pessimist, but now it does not hold true at all.
* *deep dark secret* is not a negative word, it's just a secret
* the correct verb for privacy is to *violate* somebody's privacy

When I asked a question about the hypen rules since G always told us it is
with hyphen or not when he introduces a new combination of adjectives and
nouns, G said it usually has no rules and the dictionaries do not have
dominated rules for that at all. The example given was "hardworking", "hard
working" and "hard-working", all of them could be right.

The interesting part, which is easy to remember, is when you are not sure and
have no dictionaries around. The compound word usually needs a hyphen when
they are either *used as an adjective* or *used as a single meaning*.

What is *used as a single meaning*?

* a full-time employee
  * *a full employee* alone doesn't make sense
  * *a time employee* alone doesn't make sense
* a hard-working employee
  * *a hard employee* alone doesn't make sense
  * *a working employee* alone doesn't make sense
* four-wheel-drive vehicle
  * *a four vehicle* alone doesn't make sense
  * *a wheel vehicle* alone doesn't make sense
  * *a drive vehicle* alone doesn't make sense

I definitely took quite some other notes in my notebook which was left in the
office.

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
