---
layout: post
author: J
---

Right before I went to the daily swimming excercise in the afternoon, somehow
I thought about how good am I at the breaststroke style. Then I started to
think about the standard to measure the *goodness*:

1. How many strokes do I need to finish the 25 meters lane
2. How long it is to take to finish the 25 meters lane

The second one could not be measured today since I had a lack of waterproof
watch. Then I started from the first measurement pragmatically.

Firstly I googled some de-facto standard: Starting from pushing off the wall
(instead of plunge):

* average people would need 10 stokes
* average professions would need 6 strokes
* active players need 2-3 strokes

I remembered I roughly need 10-12 strokes. So I guessed there are some spaces
to improve.

Then half an hour was spent to learn about what mistakes I might have made in
swimming techniques. I firstly looked out the timing of breathing out. I
usually hold 1-2 secs the breath in the water, and breathe out quickly just
before my head comes out of the water. Most training materials say it gives
some tense and seems not encouraged. The breathing out should be happening
evenly when the head is in the water. However either using mouth or nose to
breathe out seems controversial. In one word, the breathing should be
rhythmical and regular, and a conscious holding of breath can be wrong in most
of time.

Then, in the swimming pool, I counted carefully that 11 strokes are needed on
average. And it was more or less hard to maintain a regular breath in the
water especially when I am paying attention on it. Some times the air in my
lung is released too fast that I need to hold my breath before my head comes
out of the water, while some times it goes the opposite way. I could feel the
ragged breath influences my body's balance, and of course, the speed.

Fortunately, in the last couple of loops, I found it is easier to keep a
regular rhythmical exhaling use both mouth and nose to breath out in the
water.

Now I have a goal to pursuit, to make it 10 and keep it before setting up
another goal.

[back](https://yifanjiang.github.io/)
